docs(clustered): object versioning recommendation (#5362)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/clustered/install/prerequisites.md

InfluxDB Clustered requires the following prerequisites:

- **Kubernetes cluster**: version 1.25 or higher

> - **Object storage**: AWS S3 or S3-compatible storage used to store the InfluxDB parquet files. It is **highly** recommended to enable object versioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Object storage**: AWS S3 or S3-compatible storage used to store the InfluxDB parquet files.

  {{% note %}}
We **strongly** recommend that you enable object versioning in your object store.
  {{% /note %}}
  
```
